Future Features:

I want an added feature. Can you somehow create an administration backend, or login that only I as the creator and owner of this application should have access to. Within the backend, I as the admin will be able to see live and logs of all types, showing whats currently going on, with each user, whatever they are configuring or viewing or simulating. Their specs used, everything.

currently, the shifter does not pivot, instead the shifter is moving literally from shift gate location to location, and it should start at the top left, which would be first gear, then down to second, then up and diagonal right to third just like a real H patter shifter like oem. Your animation needs to make sure the lever itself pivots in real working shifting mechanism, instead of moving the entire shift rod from gear to gear, i want the actual bottom of the shift rod itself, to physically connect to a rod, that physically connects to the transmission via rods, levers and actuators if necessary. The rods, should much like how beam-ng works, must connect via beams, and those beams/rods connect to eachother. When the shifter changes gears, the shifter ball will pivot in place, and the bottom of the shift lever, the opposite end from where the driver would grab, that rod would then connect to rods that actually WORK in the simulation, and real force is needed to move them. For now, I want you to ensure that when the gears change, that the animation is accurate, items pivot and move as they should, items all connect so for instance, everything that the shifter does, has a direct impact on the transmission and its gears. The physical connection between them can appear minimalistic, but the beams/connections much like beamng does- must all connect and have real constraints, physical simulaties and modeled as closely to spec as possibe. And for example, if you cannot after researching, the specs on something, then you must use Ai or somehow predict the rest of the shape of the part, only if you cannot find real world specifications and dimensions on it.  

I want you to make sure that all the dimensions between the wheels. CV Axles. Are all approximate, or at least tempted to be. Precise and exact based on what you can research and find with AI. But in the 3D view I also want to see. Another box of a different color beside the transmission which represents the engine itself and inside the engine which is translucent. Should be moving rotating assembly parts. The rotating assembly should. Increase with speed and decrease with speed based on RPM. It should match.

I want you to make sure that all the dimensions between the wheels. CV Axles. Are all approximate, or at least tempted to be. Precise and exact based on what you can research and find with AI. But in the 3D view I also want to see. Another box of a different color beside the transmission which represents the engine itself and inside the engine which is translucent. Should be moving rotating assembly parts. The rotating assembly should. Increase with speed and decrease with speed based on RPM. It should match.  Also, i want you to thoroughly research all the available part numbers from the current vehicles suspension and drivetrain. The cylinder bored in the engine should be built to exact dimensions, exactly how every single viewable element in the 3d model is accurate, real world dimensions, just like the first wheel/tire you developed for me. Also, if the user selects to configure a selected vehicle, any selected vehicle including this civic, real beam connections must be animated, similarly to how you made the cv axles. You must use real dimensions if possible, from awd swappable drivetrains for the civic, and if you cannot source that, then improvise like you did with the cv axles and what's missing automatically. For instance, for an awd version, once the user selects that from the menu, the 3d view should populate automatically all the necessary drivetrain components needed to make the car really All wheel drive in the simulator. real physics should still be applied and anything needed to make all wheels turn must work and must be tested by you, thoroughly. this includes differentials, center differentials, read differentials of all types, even open differentials if its selected from the customization menu. Also, clean up the ECU menu, because there seems to be alot of non-ecu related stuff in there. Restructure the menu, dont get rid of any features, just make sure to organize and if needed, move drivetrain related changes to a seperate menu and leave the ECU menu only for changes to the ECU. The ecu men must have absolutely every single working sensor and configuration available to be tuned on the fly and live, with real changes. Every single sensor, ignition timing, or any change must be available to customize. Alternately, any gauge on the main screen can be right-clicked and changed to any possible gauge they'd want. In the ECU menu,  every single component can be changed so research haltech and other aftermarket ecu companies especially hondata and megasquirt and mimic what they offer, learn what they offer and build and integrate automatically. Every single parameter of the engine must be configurable, even down to fuel injector dwell time, even crankcase pressure and 2000 customizable parameters in the ecu. There should also be at least 2000 customizable parameters for the vehicle, like the actual gear ratios, aside from default. Also, speaking of which, every single category and section of the engine, vehicle and ecu changes must be undoable., and toggleable. Default settings should be available for each section at the push of a button. Settings and configurations of any type should be saveable and even shareable.  Also, weight shifting and suspension visualization should work, the coil springs should visually compress.  When All wheel drive is configured in any vehicle, acceleration times should be realistic and shorten dramatically. Tire slip applies to all tires. physics applies to everything in the simulation, just like the first tire /wheel. I want to see real physical connections between every single moving part. Make sure the engine has visible moving parts, all exact dimensions to real life. All components of this car currently visible in the 3d view should be modeled to real life specifications.

the engine block is not accurately spaced away from both front wheels it looks like theres clipping. Also, the engine rotating assembly are spinning around the crankshaft but the pistons must stay fixed within their piston bores even when the crankshaft is rotating. This cAuses the pistons to only move up and down the cylinder bores, a total of 4, with one piston per cylinder. As the crankshaft increases in speed, so does the speed of the pistons in the bores, because the crankshaft is connected to the pistons connecting rods. Also, in the 3d view, the overlay or something seems to be flashing every few seconds. fix it. The user should have a feature where they enter a target horsepower, torque or even top speed or 1/4 mile time, then the application should auto tweak all the settings in the car, including the ecu, engine and anything else configurable, in order to make that goal. So if 10 second flat quarter mile, but only on pump gas, with nitrous and all motor, those settings should be auto configured throughout the different menus automatically. This feature for the user can be over-ridden with a toggle, or button viewable everywhere in any menu, not blocking anything. It simplifies a users goal in reaching a certain goal, and does the entire configuration and tuning needed. The approach can be multifaceted with endless combinations.  Make sure this application uses persistent logging consistent as well, with debugging if needed. Logs should be in almost every possible location, as many locations needed for quick adjustments or reviews and troublshooting. Error logs must be easy and quick for faster test and production builds. 

the engine block is not accurately spaced away from both front wheels it looks like theres clipping. Also, the engine rotating assembly are spinning around the crankshaft but the pistons must stay fixed within their piston bores even when the crankshaft is rotating. This cAuses the pistons to only move up and down the cylinder bores, a total of 4, with one piston per cylinder. As the crankshaft increases in speed, so does the speed of the pistons in the bores, because the crankshaft is connected to the pistons connecting rods. Also, in the 3d view, the overlay or something seems to be flashing every few seconds. fix it. The user should have a feature where they enter a target horsepower, torque or even top speed or 1/4 mile time, then the application should auto tweak all the settings in the car, including the ecu, engine and anything else configurable, in order to make that goal. So if 10 second flat quarter mile, but only on pump gas, with nitrous and all motor, those settings should be auto configured throughout the different menus automatically. This feature for the user can be over-ridden with a toggle, or button viewable everywhere in any menu, not blocking anything. It simplifies a users goal in reaching a certain goal, and does the entire configuration and tuning needed. The approach can be multifaceted with endless combinations.  Make sure this application uses persistent logging consistent as well, with debugging if needed. Logs should be in almost every possible location, as many locations needed for quick adjustments or reviews and troublshooting. Error logs must be easy and quick for faster test and production builds. Also, at any time, in any mode, regardless of user or admin, there should be a floating panel, that minimizez, floats near the topic of the window, and is there to help the user. It doubles as a search field, it integrates Ai funtionality in the application and allows the user to command the application using ai. Also, users can search manually for whatever setting they want to change, and the settings appear instantly as the user types, it autospells and items are then selectable and further configurable right in that view.  Also, the screen just went to a blank white screen, so troubleshoot that first then tackle all ive mentioned from the beginning of this paragraph.  Make sure the stock civic with the b16, set at all defaults passes the quarter mile time at the proper time for a stock b16 civic of that weight. Make sure all the specs of the car are acccurate.  Make sure weight transfer is simulated based on the real weight and dimensions of the civic.  In the 3d rendered view, make sure only the drivetrain is rendered which you've done properly so far. 

I want the ability to have users that are connected to this platform.
log in and create user accounts and from there they can manage their profile and account they can also subscribe to additional features but that's later on. In that same feature, when I log in as an admin,being the site creator and owner, I want the ability to see what every single user currently online is doing. And I also want to see logs of users every single day what exactly they did in the application saved.
I want all this accessible only by me through the admin panel.